Once in the woods on a meadow
a strange fog formed.
A little wind blew into her,
and there was a doll.
I don't even know my name!
I will call myself the fairy Amálka.
Amálka!
I am pretty!
I was scared.
Stop, roe deer! Where are you running?
You are crying? What happened?
Hunter Fly shot a deer.
And now he's chasing him through the woods.
Hunter Fly?
I'll help the deer.
Sit here for a moment and wait.
I'll shoot you!
-What are you doing here, doll?
-I'm not a doll, but a fairy Amálka.
Fly, you have to find healing
flakes of venison on the morning.
I will not do deer to the doctor.
Get out of my wound!
Amálka tore the yawn
and whipped Fly over the forehead.
Then she did a spell
over his rifle.
Don't worry anymore.
Even if the Fly fires at you.
I'll shoot you with the first blow.
If not the first, then the second.
What is it?
I didn't charge the hornets.
Hurry up for a healing chip!
Or it will be bad.
They're already leading him. And it carries a healing chip.
The fly attached a chip to the wound.
The roe deer was immediately healthy.
Roe deer and Amálka ran
behind the deer.
The fly was left alone
with that enchanted rifle.